

-----------------------Progress log:---------------------------


14.3.2016  4h
Initial planning of device functions. We did not have the components yet so mostly rough ideas.
   Planned features:
      -Continuous track
      -lcd
      -ultrasonic sensor
      
24.3.2016  1h
Received some of the components. Established github repository.

1.4.2016 4h

Continuous track - Proof of consept

Started making a continuous track by ourselves. Designed chain pieces and a couple of gears  with Inkscape.
The chain is constructed of two different kind of pieces and a piece of wire connecting them.
The smaller piece is a circle with 7.5 mm diameter and the bigger piece is a rounded rectangle 13x7.5mm.
Holes in the pieces have a 1.5mm diameter as the  connecting wire is around 1.2 mm thick.
Finally, the parts were laser cut from 4mm clear acrylic sheet.


We screwed the gears to a piece of cardboard and strained the continuous track between the gears. As you spin the other gear, the whole system starts rotating.
It works!

Proof of concept is a success.

See pictures cont_track_test1.jpg and cont_track_test2.jpg



2.4.16 6h
Second attempt at making a continuous track

We drew the continuous track elements. Sprocket is not ready yet, but i made some calculations and i know what it should look like.

3.4.16 3,5h

Added pin to keep continuous track on wheels. Drew sprocket.



4.4.16

To be updated... by @minajee



8.4.16 5.5h

Assembled the second continous track after cutting some more chain parts.

Wondering why on earth we were given a single H-bridge IC. We need dual H-bridge. Soldered and assembled the given pcb anyway.


@mitjakarki designed and assembled our first proto for a frame. It is made out of 4mm plywood and designed with Inkscape's "Tabbed box maker" -extension.
The proto case came out a bit too narrow since the motors barely fit inside.
We observed that the shaft on our motors are too short and the frame must have a hole not just for the shaft, but the whole gearbox.
That's the best way to have more accessible shaft on a quick schedule.


12.4.2016 2h

Got two motor controllers for driving the two motors in both directions. We need to make our own PCB for that.
PCB requirements and features:
   -Two A4953 Full bridge motor controllers
   -Arduino nano compatability
   -one or two LEDs
   -piezo (PWM)
   -Capacitors for A4953's
   -I²C for lcd screen (HD44780)
   -Ultrasonic sensor


19.4. 4h

Designed a new frame with a more tank-like look. (frame2.pdf)
The new frame has chamfered ends, a better placement for the motors and more compact design.
Drawn with inkscape. We cut the frame parts from 4mm plywood and assembled it using some wood glue for the joints.
The motors fit quite nicely and the overall look is much better than in the first proto.
There is no lid in the frame since it will be 3D-printed. 



21.4. ½ h

Designed a part that holds the motors in place. Used FreeCAD. The holder will be fastened to the bottom of the case with screws.
Did not 3D-print the part yet since the other printer is broken and the other was reserved at the time.

29.4. ½ h 

Printed the motor holder that was designed last time. Used the Formlabs Form 2 SLA 3D-printer with clear resin.
The print came out really nice considering that I used the roughest (0.10mm) layer thickness. The print took 2 hours to complete. 


2.5.2016 3.5h

Continuing the pcb design with KiCad.
The supplied A4953 h-bridge can't be used since it has a supply voltage minimum of 8.0 V 
and the supplied battery pack is only 7.4V. We decided to use a dual h-bridge L298 Multiwatt 15.
The PCB is not yet finished, since we had to figure out what components to use. 


3.5.2016

Case and mechanics:

Glued the gear parts together.Soldered wires to motors.
Attached the 3D-printed motor holder but it was too flexible so we
made a motor holder support piece from 4mm acrylic sheet on top of the motor holder.
Used inkscape to design the part. Some double sided tape was used to help the motors stay in place.
The continuous track was put on the gears and tightened and adjusted with nuts, bolts and washers. 
We also tested the track by connecting the motor wires straight to the battery.
The continuous track rotated quite smoothly. See assembling_frame.jpg images. 

PCB 6h
I drew PCB ready with kicad and modified images to be ready for milling.


Code
